July 23, 2024

To Our Shareholders,

I want to begin by thanking the GM team, as well as our dealers, suppliers and other business partners, for helping us deliver strong second quarter and first half results, including record revenue in both periods. This has paved the way for us to increase our guidance for full-year earnings, free cash flow and earnings per share.

There are four key drivers of our performance that I’d like to highlight.

In North America, we have a consistently high performing portfolio of ICE trucks and SUVs on a volume, share and margin basis.
Our EV portfolio is scaling well, and we’re encouraged by the early sales results, including record second-quarter deliveries and improving market share.
We continue to deliver strong and stable pricing with lower incentives than the industry average.
And with our new investments, we have an even stronger focus on margins and capital efficiency.
Great vehicles and better execution will continue to differentiate us. In SUVs, we’re in the process of launching eight all-new or redesigned compact, mid-size and full-size ICE models in North America, including high volume vehicles like the Chevrolet Equinox and our family of mid-size SUVs, which all have higher margins than the outgoing models.

To unleash the next cycle of EV growth, we’re scaling production of the Chevrolet Equinox EV, with its unique combination of performance, technology, range and affordability. We think it’s a game changer and product reviewers agree. One said, “Chevy seems positioned to grab a piece of the pie that no one else has quite grabbed onto yet.” Then over the next several months, GMC will launch the Sierra EV and the Cadillac LYRIQ will be joined by the OPTIQ, Escalade IQ and CELESTIQ.

As excited as we are about our EVs and our early success, we are committed to disciplined volume growth, which is the key to earning positive variable profits from our portfolio in the fourth quarter, which remains our goal.

I also want to recognize the progress Cruise has made over the last several months. Our vision to transform mobility using autonomous technology is unchanged, and every mile traveled, and every simulation, brings us closer because Cruise is an AI-first company.

As you know, Cruise has returned to the road in Houston, Phoenix and Dallas and we recently made several significant leadership appointments, including hiring Marc Whitten as CEO. Marc has decades of experience on the frontlines of technology transformations.

The Cruise team will also simplify their path to scale by focusing their next autonomous vehicle on the next-generation Chevrolet Bolt, instead of the Origin. This addresses the regulatory uncertainty we faced with the Origin because of its unique design. In addition, per-unit costs will be much lower, which will help Cruise optimize its resources.

As I hope you can see from our results, our new products, the progress at Cruise and our higher guidance, we are making the most of every opportunity.

It was truly a great first half. And we have the products, discipline and strategies to drive future success.

Thank you for your confidence in GM.